This is President Jeffrey Michener.
As usual, I speak to you
from the historic Old Courthouse
in St. Louis, Missouri.
On this, the 154th day of my presidency,
I'm happy to announce that our
American reconstruction plan
continues on pace.
In fact, if you're hearing me
over an electric radio
in the four corner states
or seeing me for the
first time on television,
you already know that the
Johnson hydroelectric plant
is back online,
providing consistent power
to much of the Southwest.
And from all over the country,
we have more reports of
Americans joining forces
to fix the broken pieces of our nation.
Yes, the American
spirit is alive and well.
♪♪
Today, many of you will receive
your newly printed ration cards
to be used for all essential purposes.
A reminder... These are not a
replacement for U.S. currency.
We continue to work with the banks
to ensure everyone has access to
their money and their property,
but until our productivity
can keep up with demand,
these cards will ensure
citizens are granted equal
access to available goods.
We ask for your continued patience
and your help with this implementation.
Dr. Rachel Scott's murder
came as a shock to us all,
but she died knowing
that she brought life
back to this great nation.
And her sacrifice will not be forgotten.
This St. Louis radio hub will continue
to bring you updates and information,
along with your local
stations as they come online.
Of course, I'll be back tomorrow
to speak with you directly.
Until then, I thank you for your
contributions and your courage.
This project will
succeed because of you.
May God bless you
and the United States of America.
♪♪
Synced and corrected by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪♪
(DOG SNIFFING)
(WHEEZING)
(WHEEZING STOPS)
(SNIFFLES)
(CRYING)
Hello, my little angel.
- Try it now.
- Hey, Danny?
Danny, can you hear me?
DANNY: Kara, can you... Can you...
Danny, are you there?
Kara.
Nothing. Still nothing.
Kara, it's coming through here.
- Can you see me?
- Mom, here.
Danny, if you can hear
me, I'm here with our son.
Tell him... Tell him Frankie
almost rolled over yesterday.
- Okay, he didn't almost roll over yesterday.
- Yes, he did.
He's so smart, Danny. He's so smart.
We're gonna try to find Daddy, okay?
The problem's not on your end.
The voice comes over okay,
but when we try to send video,
there's something jamming up the line,
like another signal
crowding the channel.
- Kara.
- Can't tell what it is.
Danny.
Kara, nothing's coming through here.
Can you see me?
If you can hear me, will you...
tell... tell Frankie
that Daddy loves him?
And that I can't wait to meet him.
- Can you hear us, Danny?
- Oh, we were so close.
- (SIGHS)
- Kara.
- Yeah, I'll keep trying. Sorry.
- DANNY: Okay. Frankie.
Daddy's coming home soon, okay?
Frankie, I love you guys.
You just couldn't wait to come out,
- could you, Frankie?
- See you, Frankie.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Diaz, when did you get the booster?
I don't know, sir.
About four months ago.
Exactly.
Which means you are
no longer contagious.
Take it easy with the boxes.
Precious cargo.
Sorry, sir.
Not good, Seaman Apprentice Diaz.
Not good at all.
Aren't you curious as to
how heavy these boxes are?
See this?
E-5, my friend.
I do the pointing now, not the lifting.
Lieutenant, Lincoln's
gassed up the helo.
She's carrying the
22-millimeter and hellfires.
Let's hope we won't need them.
The only thing we'll
be dropping on Vietnam
- is a whole lot of the cure.
- Ha.
Amen to that.
(DOOR OPENS)
Captain's on the bridge.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Master Chief, how we looking?
All squared away, sir.
Wind's light out of the southwest.
Probably an easy 9-iron to the green.
(CHUCKLES) Outstanding.
OOD, bring us around 2-7-0, please.
Helmsman, steady course 2-7-0.
Right standard rudder,
steady course 2-7-0.
Aye.
I want to watch the sunset.
(CHUCKLES)
♪♪
Good morning, sir.
Mrs. Green, how are things?
Actually hit a little
traffic coming in today.
That's a good sign.
Took the liberty of picking
up your new rations book.
♪♪
They did a good job.
Yes, sir.
It's a nice way to honor her memory,
though hardly enough, considering.
No.
Not enough.
President Peng hoarded the
cure, kept it for the Chinese,
and is now letting the virus mutate
and burn itself across Japan
and probably the rest of Asia.
You don't know that, Alex.
Tom.
I'm sorry, sir.
Did I hear you right?
The virus has mutated?
SHAW: Captain, we're getting word
from the southern islands
of Japan that suggests
the doses were ineffective
against the virus.
The death rate is skyrocketing.
Dr. Scott said the virus cannot mutate.
She was very clear about that.
We're gonna need some
proof if we plan...
Sir, we have two destroyers
returning from Okinawa
from Amur Bay.
They can be on the ground right away.
We sent Peng 1 million
doses two months ago.
He just never delivered them to Japan.
By the time our ships
got there with the cure,
it was too late.
You think Peng's making a play for Asia
using the cure as leverage?
That's exactly what I think.
Listen, Peng is a
thug, plain and simple.
We've already had reports
of the Chinese bombing North Vietnam.
Unconfirmed. Before we throw
Peng overboard, let's remember
that we don't have any
alternative partner in the region.
For now, Peng is our best hope.
Unfortunately, Allison's right.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Sir, Nathan James
is one day from Vietnam.
They're carrying enough
cure to cover the coast
to parts of Laos and Cambodia.
It was a good idea to send them, Tom.
China can be their next stop.
One ship can't get that
cure across that continent.
We need Peng,
which is why I've arranged
a summit in Hong Kong.
Peng will be there,
along with leaders from
what's left of Asia.
I think that's a good idea.
V.P.'s in South America.
Alex is the Secretary
of Foreign Affairs.
You sending him?
♪♪
I'd like you to go.
Me?
Without a Secretary of Defense,
you're the best choice.
You can speak to the
strategic importance
of spreading the cure,
the risks, the benefits,
and, well, it doesn't hurt
that you're an international celebrity.
My Chinese isn't what it used to be,
and it used to be awful.
We have an asset in-country
that can help ease your path.
But you need to make it
clear that we mean business.
If the virus has really mutated,
we're looking at another pandemic.
And without Dr. Scott,
you can let Peng know
that if he won't be the kind
of partner this world needs,
we will find and support
a leader inside his
own country who will.
Yes, sir.
Sir, you've got an
incoming over Navy Red.
This is Nathan James actual. Over.
Captain, this is your Chief
of Naval Operations.
How's my ship?
Some would say she's never been better,
although I'm still getting
used to running the ship
from the starboard side of the bridge.
Look to the right and
there's nobody there,
you know it's all up to you.
Yeah, I'm really beginning
to understand that.
About that other project
I've been working on,
you should know I haven't
stopped looking for them.
The second I find anything,
you'll be the first to know.
Appreciate that.
Hey, you're not calling from home.
Last-minute trip.
I'm headed to your neck of the woods.
Maybe when I'm done, I'll
arrange a formal INSURV,
see just how good our ship is looking.
We'll have side boys standing by.
Oh, and, Mike,
strange forces at work in
your part of the world.
♪♪
Until I understand them
myself, watch your six.
Roger. Nathan James out.
Just so you know, as
of five seconds ago,
we are now in Chinese airspace.
Any call you make won't be secure
and will most likely be
intercepted by Peng.
Well, you're gonna change
all that, right, Valkyrie?
CAMERON: Getting close to Vietnam.
We need to pick up our local
pilot to guide us in.
Subsurface, what do you hear?
MASON: Dozens of small
vessels in the area, sir.
From the spin of their engines,
I'd say nothing larger than a 50-footer.
Small fishing boats,
some outboard engines.
A lot of reports about pirates
running swarm attacks.
Even on military ships...
10, sometimes 20 on one.
Ain't nothing Cobra Team
can't handle, big brother.
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
You know, just 'cause
y'all are American heroes
doesn't mean you're bulletproof.
Oh, wait, did I ever tell you
about that time I got shot?
Bang. Right in the chest.
- Bounced right off me.
- Why don't you, uh...
Why don't you go do some
push-ups or something?
- (CHUCKLES)
- Let the thinking folks do their jobs.
- Get out of here.
- (CHUCKLES)
(CHUCKLES)
(SPEAKING VIETNAMESE)
Mr. Binh says drop your
speed to three knots
and adjust your rudder
five degrees right.
OOD, drop to three knots.
- Turn starboard five degrees.
- SLATTERY: OOD, aye,
helm all ahead one-third to
three knots, five degrees rudder,
- steady course 3-3-0.
- All ahead, one-third for three knots.
Aye, my rudder is right five degrees.
Water's crowded for
people without the cure.
In Vietnam, sailors,
fishermen, and pirates
always find a way to get the cure first.
Pirate steal everything.
Tell him to make sure we stay clear.
Any of those local tin
cans come close to us,
we'll cut them in half with the laser.
Got it. Hold on.
Oh. Laser. (CHUCKLES)
- (CHUCKLES)
- (IMITATES LASER)
Yes, I know. (CHUCKLES)
(SPEAKING VIETNAMESE)
Oh, Mr. Binh wants to remind you
of the big celebration tonight.
The Vietnamese government wishes
to thank you and honor you.
Nathan James!
Governor will be there
to meet the famous crew
of Nathan James.
Well, you tell him thank you.
As soon as we unload the cure,
get it where it needs to go,
we'll be there with bells on.
(SPEAKING VIETNAMESE)
With bells on. (CHUCKLES)
I, uh, forget. How do you say your name?
- Ai.
That's a beautiful name.
You going to the party tonight?
With bells on.
(CHUCKLES)
(SPEAKS VIETNAMESE)
(CLICKS TONGUE)
- What did he say?
- (CHUCKLES)
♪♪
VAL: Oh, my God!
(CHUCKLES)
What the hell?!
Hello, gorgeous!
You were in Sydney.
Just a hop and a skip
to Hong Kong from there.
I can't believe it.
Did you know?
I ordered it.
- (LAUGHS)
- (GASPS)
I counted one in the tower,
two at every entrance.
And I take it the guys on bikes
aren't the only ones watching us.
No, sir.
You can expect eyes on you from now on.
♪♪
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
What's he saying?
Oh, let me help.
Okay. Uh-huh.
Yep.
He says he doesn't like your face.
The hell should I know what he's saying?
SASHA: "Captain Chandler.
Welcome to Asia.
It is such an honor to meet you.
I've been waiting a long
time for this moment."
- His words.
- (SPEAKING KOREAN)
"Tom Chandler...
Handsome, smart, noble to a fault,
and the most stubborn
sailor you'll ever meet."
God, this guy really knows you.
Please thank him for me.
(SPEAKS IN KOREAN)
And tell him, as I recall,
there was one sailor who
was even more stubborn.
And could break your heart
without breaking a sweat.
(SPEAKS IN KOREAN)
Sasha.
Tom.
They told me our liaison
had survived for months on her own
in one of the hottest zones in Asia.
I should have figured it was you.
And you...
the man who saved the world.
I just drove the ship.
Dr. Scott performed the miracles.
Come. President Peng is waiting.
So, Chief of Naval Operations,
and they only made you Captain?
My choice. Captain suits me better.
Humility always did look good on you.
Cooper. Your married name?
Believe it or not, I
found love after you.
(CHUCKLES)
Took a while.
Your decision, I'm sure.
We were barely back from our honeymoon
when I got dispatched to Southeast Asia
to investigate the
mysterious viral outbreak.
Things fell apart pretty quickly,
and when I came up, well...
everybody lost someone in the fire.
I was sorry to hear about Darien.
Peng: (SPEAKING CHINESE)
(SPEAKING CHINESE)
President Peng says it is
a great honor to meet you,
and he wishes to
welcome you to New China.
Thank you for hosting this event.
I look forward to speaking with you.
(SPEAKING CHINESE)
(SPEAKS CHINESE)
Wonderful. But first, we eat.
♪♪
Jeter: Attention on deck.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Slattery: All right, all right.
Listen up. Coastal Vietnam
has been delivered the cure
and is spreading it as we speak.
Bravo Zulu to each and every one of you.
Now, the good people of
this nation wish to thank us.
You lucky bastard.
Hey, someone's got to
stand watch, my man.
So, let's remember this
is a formal goodwill visit.
They see us as beacons of hope,
and we will behave
ourselves accordingly.
Understood?
ALL: Yes, ma'am.
SLATTERY: Remember who you're
paired with. That is all.
Still the Wild West.
I want the CIC fully
manned, all eyes peeled.
Yes, sir. Rally point's set.
If you're not home by 23:30,
we'll send the cavalry.
Very well.
Ship's yours, Lieutenant.
Don't lose her.
♪♪
Be careful out there, baby bro.
Oh. Always.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
- (KEYBOARD CLACKING)
- Valkyrie.
Wolfman. Got you something.
Codes to this joint's security system.
Because I could.
What I can't figure out
is the cause of this noisy channel.
You know, it's a big house.
Once the party's over, two
people could get lost,
find themselves alone
in the dark somewhere.
Ooh.
Espionage and romance
in a foreign locale.
A girl could get used to that.
♪♪
SASHA: All of Asia is here.
Laos, Cambodia, India.
Even Vietnam showed up.
They're on the brink of war with China.
They all came to kiss the
ring and bring home the cure.
CHANDLER: As of nine months ago,
Peng was the Minister of State Security.
- He's clearly moved up in the world.
- Mm.
Perks of being the only one to
survive in the state bunker.
Rumor is he killed all
the top leadership
and waited out the plague
next to their rotting bodies.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
That's his new head of State Security.
His name... Lau Hu.
It's Mandarin for "Tiger."
I'm not worried about tigers.
I brought a Wolf.
Japan's a no-show.
Makes me wonder if there
was anyone left to sit.
So the rumors are true...
about the virus mutation?
You're our man in Havana.
I was hoping you would tell me.
Information is hard to
come by in Hong Kong,
even for me.
And Peng will talk about everything
but the elephant in the room.
Well, let's poke the elephant.
To our host, President Peng.
(GUESTS MURMUR IN FOREIGN LANGUAGES)
(SPEAKING CHINESE)
"And to you, Captain Chandler."
"The man who brought the
cure to the world."
I came to China with more.
But I wonder, Mr. President,
if I haven't done enough.
(SPEAKING CHINESE)
"I'm afraid I don't understand."
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Are you aware of the Scott Effect?
It's a scientific formula
used to determine
the critical number of people needed
to receive the contagious cure
for it to spread effectively.
Not enough people get a
dose, cure burns out,
and whole populations
are left unprotected.
From what I hear, that may
be happening here in Asia,
which means the cure we've been sending
hasn't gotten to the people who need it.
Captain, if you are implying
that I'm not doing enough to spread...
I'm a military man, Mr. President.
I don't imply.
As I have told your
president several times,
we are doing everything we can,
but even China cannot
deliver the cure so quickly
over so large an area.
Due respect, Mr. President,
I don't think you're trying hard enough.
Captain.
Sure, Honk Kong may get the cure.
Shanghai, maybe.
But what about the countries around you?
Doses of the cure languish
inside Chinese warehouses as we speak.
While the rest of Asia goes begging,
nobody here seems to be complaining.
I don't know if they're afraid of you.
I'm certainly not.
If you won't spread the cure,
my president wishes you
to know that we will.
Does China really want to be
on the wrong side of history?
Excuse me.
I have pressing business.
(CHAIR SCRAPES)
(GUESTS MURMURING)
How'd I do?
The elephant has been poked.
(PEOPLE CHEERING)
(FIREWORKS CRACKLING)
(ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYS)
♪♪
I was expecting a garden
party, maybe some iced tea.
This is more like a strip club.
I guess this is their apocalyptic
idea of a goodwill visit.
More like a liberty call.
I don't want to insult anybody,
but we're out of here in 30 minutes.
Hey, hey, hey!
You're cute!
(SPEAKING VIETNAMESE) Huh?
Lots of pretty girl! (LAUGHS)
Make that 20.
- You got a little...
- What?
- Wait.
- Oh.
(LAUGHS)
(SPEAKING VIETNAMESE)
Chu'a. Chu'a.
Chu'a. Does that mean "cure"?
I don't know what you're saying,
but I'm very happy to be here.
(BOTH LAUGH)
- Oh.
- Lasers.
(CHUCKLES) Not quite the
kind we use, but, yeah.
This place is great.
Before the virus, best club in town.
From here,
people will rush every direction,
spreading the cure.
You bring life back to Vietnam.
- (MUSIC STOPS)
- (CROWD GROANING)
(GENERATOR STARTS)
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- Oh.
(MUSIC RESUMES)
Uh, sir?
CAMERON: Standard military
attack formation.
Gator, you seeing this?
Yes. Their AIS codes
are vastly different.
First one's a chemical tanker
flying a Liberian flag.
The second's an oiler
from Marshall Islands.
Bottom's a-a Chinese
Class B fishing boat.
They're headed right for us.
Keep an eye on them.
(MONITOR BEEPS)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
Just water, skipper.
Lieutenant, we shove off tomorrow,
gassing up at Pho Kong.
It's all ahead stupid to Okinawa.
Be a cargo plane
bound for St. Louis there
with your name on it.
Sir.
Orders from the CNO.
You're going home.
Be with Kara. Meet your boy.
(LAUGHS)
Thank you, sir.
(SCREAMS, LAUGHS)
Yes!
What? Got to see his boy.
What time is it?
10 more minutes.
Surface, where are those boats?
Still in formation, sir,
but they've diverted.
♪♪
They're heading around the bend here,
toward Bach Dang River.
There's no way a tanker's
getting up that river.
No, but they could anchor in this inlet.
Why do that when there's a
deep water harbor here?
I think they're hiding.
I concur.
We should radio the C.O.
No, not on an open line.
- The threat's at sea, not on land.
- Unconfirmed.
We'll send the helo to the rally point.
It can be there in 10 minutes.
ASTAC, prep the Romeo.
By not calling the C.O.,
we're not giving him any warning.
10 minutes.
China is still a great nation.
President Michener hoped
that you would be our
partner in this endeavor.
And we are.
But there is only so much we can do.
We are under constant attack
by warlords, pirates,
and our own neighbors.
Vietnam continues to confront
us on our southern borders.
And what does America
do to help, Captain?
You deliver more cure to my enemies.
I think you got the wrong idea.
Nathan James landed in
sovereign Vietnamese territory
on a humanitarian mission.
A humanitarian mission.
And yet you deliver the cure
using a Guided Missile Destroyer.
So tell me, Captain,
do I really have the wrong idea?
♪♪
(HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING)
MAN: Sabrehawk touch down.
I have Sabrehawk touching
down at the L.Z.
Lincoln's on his way to the club.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
You guys ready? C.O. wants to shove off.
- Now?
- Yeah.
- Where's Miller and Diaz?
- I haven't seen them.
Mr. Binh has a van pulling
up for us out back.
I'll find the others. Meet you there.
Finally, they let us come,
have a good time tonight.
- You know, when I found...
- Where's Diaz?
On the verge of a
life-changing experience.
And then I saw you...
Get to the van.
You've got to be kidding me!
I'll come back for you, okay?
All right, don't forget me.
ALISHA: The bogies have
stopped squawking.
They're trying to hide.
Okay, now we should alert the C.O.
and have him meet the
helo at the rally point.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
Excuse me.
(MUSIC STOPS)
- (CROWD GROANS)
- (SIGHS)
(RECEIVER CLACKS)
No contact with the C.O.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
LINCOLN: Captain.
Something's wrong.
(GUNFIRE)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Stay down.
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
Nathan James, do you copy?!
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
(GUNSHOT)
Nathan James. Sabrehawk One.
We have no contact with
Lincoln or the landing team.
♪♪
They got away. I chased
them as far as I could.
I circled back to the club.
Lincoln's dead. So's
the security detail.
My radio's dead. They must have
blasted the place with an EMP.
Mercs got the C.O., X.O., Miller.
I didn't see who else.
They got in a van and
headed north, northwest,
and I lost them.
These guys are pros, and
they wanted hostages.
BURK: We'll call the
James from the helo,
and then we'll fly over
and try to find that van.
Couldn't have gotten too far.
RPG!
Sir, communications
with the helo are down.
What do you mean, down?
She just stopped squawking over IFF.
Not answering my hails.
We've lost contact with
everyone on the ground.
Six miles to the pier.
Let's move.
I say again,
Sabrehawk One, this is Nathan James.
Do you copy?
Sir, six miles to the rally point.
- I can take a few guys in a jeep.
- Negative.
Not when we don't know the
situation on the ground.
But, sir...
Our entire senior
leadership is radio-silent.
Just give me a minute.
- Do you copy?
- Lieutenant.
GATOR: Sabrehawk One,
this is Nathan James.
Do you copy?
CAMERON: That's our translator.
She was at the club.
♪♪
What do you think?
He's saying all the right things.
I don't believe a word of it.
(SPEAKING VIETNAMESE)
What is she saying?
Vietnam is not responsible.
- She swears it.
- For what?
I-I don't know.
Captain, there's been
an attack in Vietnam.
The James?
The president just broke radio silence.
He's ordered you back home.
Peng: You see, Captain.
You see now who is the
true enemy of peace.
♪♪
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
Hai.
C.O., X.O.,
Master Chief, Mason, Rios,
Diaz, Lincoln,
Miller, Riley,
Harris, DaCunha,
Carlton Burk, and Green
officially M.I.A.
Nathan James must sortie
into international waters.
We can't do that.
If there is a coordinated attack,
you are too vulnerable in the harbor.
Stand down until support can arrive.
Support?
We're 8,000 miles from nowhere.
Those are CONPLAN standing orders.
You do understand what
you're asking me to do?
(VOICE BREAKING) Sortie 25
nautical miles offshore
and check in for further instructions.
Consider this a direct order
from the Commander in Chief.
Nathan James copies all.
Roger, out.
(SNIFFLES)
♪♪
OOD, come to emergency full power
and get the shafts rolling.
Aye, sir. CCS bridge,
come to emergency full power.
MAN: Attention all hands.
Station the sea and anchor detail.
- So you'll be okay.
- Yeah.
I need to stay and talk
Peng out of using this
as an excuse to invade Vietnam.
Give me a few days, and
I'll see you in St. Louis.
Don't do anything stupid.
Roger that.
I'm sorry our reunion was so brief.
And I'm sorry about Nathan James.
We're gonna figure this out.
♪♪
(PLANE ENGINES WHIRRING)
What are you doing?
They didn't say they were dead.
The message from POTUS...
They didn't say the sailors were killed.
I don't know. I mean, I-I guess not.
We don't know what happened.
Standing orders will have Nathan James
sortie for its own security.
It'll take days for any reinforcements
to get to Hai Phong.
If our crew was taken somewhere
being held hostage,
the trail will run cold by then.
I'm going to Vietnam.
But, uh, how?
I'll figure out a way.
Get a message to POTUS.
Let him know we're going to
hook up with Nathan James.
I'm going to find Slattery and his crew.
- Okay.
- But wait till we're in secure airspace.
- You understand?
- Yeah, yeah. I get it.
Hey! Stop the plane!
Open it up!
What?
Let's go.
♪♪
Tom, are you insane?
That's the only plane home for weeks.
I need you to get me to Vietnam.
(STATIC CRACKLING)
Holy shit.
I have contacts other side of town.
We can't go back into Hong Kong
without raising a few eyebrows.
You haven't changed a bit, have you?
Still the cowboy?
And you're no translator.
I saw the Glock tucked into
the back of your pants.
You must have friends in
the Chinese air force
or access to a less
conspicuous set of wheels.
I can make a few calls from the road.
Hey.
Ma'am, you need to stay buckled.
You got to turn the plane around.
- What?
- You heard me.
If we turn around, we
need to call St. Louis.
You cannot call anyone, all right?
It'll be four hours before we're
in secure airspace, okay?
You got to just go back.
This is a matter of national security.
It's your ass if CNO's pissed.
I'll take the heat.
HKG, this is Cowboy 3722.
We are declaring an in-flight emergency.
Requesting immediate
landing on runway 2-5.
(PLANE ENGINES APPROACHING)
Hang on.
What are they doing?
They've turned around.
Val!
♪♪
Synced and corrected by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org